Invite people you don't know to take selfies together with you then upload them to snapchat / instagram
Take random numbers from your contacts and text them "I'm pregnant".
Take whatever drink is near you then mix it with the chilies and drink!
Take a random number from your contact, call him, and say "I love you"
Buy the cheapest meal in the canteen (or buy a bottle of aqua) and tell your classmate sobbing "This is the most expensive food I've ever bought."
Buy a bottle of coca cola and splash the flowers with the coca cola in front of the crowd.
Stand near the refrigerator, close your eyes, choose food randomly in it, even when you eat your eyes must be closed.
Standing in the middle of the basketball court and shouting, "I LOVE YOU MY PRINCE / MY Daughter"
Salute someone in class, then say "Servant at your service, Your Majesty."
Clapping and singing the song "Happy Birthday" from the classroom to the hallway.
Get down on one knee and say "Marry me?" with the first person who entered the room.
Make absurd headdresses from tissue, whatever it is, keep asking for poses in front of the camera, keep uploading
Say "YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL / GANTENG SO AWESOME" to the girl you think is the most beautiful in this class
Tell someone in class, "I was just told I was your twin first, we got separated, then I had plastic surgery. And this is the most serious thing I've ever said."
Throw someone's notebook into the trash, in front of his eyes, saying "This book contains no one can understand"
Pull out your own leg hair 3 times!
Chat between your parents, tell them that you miss them complete with sad emoticons.
Try searching google for terrible or ridiculous things like trypophobia, etc.
Sitting relaxed in the middle of the basketball court pretending it's a sunbathing beach.
Fill mouth full of water and must hold up to two rounds. If laughing and spilling or drinking, then have to refill and add one more cycle.
Shake hands with the first person who walks into this room and says "Welcome to Who Wants To Be a Millionaire!"
Send a text to your parents "Hi, bro! I just bought the latest issue of Playboy magazine!"
Text your parents, "Ma, Pa, I already know that I am the adopted child of the orphanage. Don't hide this anymore."
Text three random numbers in your contacts and write "I just became a model for Playboy magazine."
Eat one tablespoon of sweet soy sauce and soy sauce!
Eat something but don't use your hands.
Get angry with your friends who didn't come even though they promised to play "truth or dare" together "
Crack eggs using your head!
Eat food that has been mixed and must have tasted strange, but make sure that the food is not harmful to long-term or short-term health.
Dancing Girls Generation style for boys in front of the class, or dancing Super Junior style for girls.
Hoisting flagpole without flag.
Digging up your crush, closest friends, the opposite sex you don't know at all and the like.
Mimicking the hairstyles of all your friends.
Singing the HAI TAYO song in front of many people while dancing
Singing the Baby Shark song loudly in the classroom.
Transfer something to the neighbors
Get an autograph on the fiercest teacher and say "You are truly the person I admire the most in the world."
Asking someone (random / random) on the street for money saying "I don't have money to take an angkot."
Drinking something that has been made / agreed upon, but is sure it's not dangerous, it can be like drinking salted syrup and adding soy sauce.
Talking to your crush, emoticon-Fear, chatting, chatting with girls is okay, via anywhere you can.
Singing favorite songs in Disney movies outside the house screaming.
Mention 1 blue to 20 blue quickly and don't make mistakes. If it is wrong then it must be repeated from the beginning.
Put on a dummy crown of book paper and tell everyone in the room "RESPECT TO THE PRIVATE KING" while pointing at each person with a ruler.
Wearing the pants backwards until the next morning.
Hug the person you DO NOT like in class and say, "Thank you so much for being willing to be the nicest person for me."
Go to a wide field, then run as fast as you can, saying "I'm crazy I'm crazy"
Pick flowers then plug the flowers into people you don't know (you have to be of the opposite sex)
Pick a random person on the street, then say "You dont know youre beautiful" (ala One Direction)
Pretend to be possessed ex: being possessed by a tiger etc.
Tell him to whistle when his mouth is full of food.
Tell you to be a waiter to serve you and your friends for lunch.
Tell them to wear socks to make gloves.
Have to wear the weirdest hat / the most absurd helmet during the next round.
Call your mama and say "ma, I want to get married as soon as possible"
